Hey junior brother
What kind of immortal
techniques are you
learning?
His cultivation level
has improved so quickly
Could you teach us too?
yes
I just can't kill this
kid.
Instead, it made him
stronger.
Could it be related to
his cultivation
technique?
If I could learn it
Yes, yes, yes
Junior Brother
What you are learning
must be
Peerless martial arts
I also want to learn
Ah, right, right
My Master taught me
this.
Called
The Elixir of Creation
You want to learn?
I can teach you right
now.
Wait for my junior
brother
You just said
What what secret
The Elixir of Creation
this
What kind of elixir
technique?
The demonic sect clearly
only
The Secret of Creation
and Alchemy
After learning this
technique
Will refine oneself
One pill
Eaten
This exercise manual
Why does he look so
familiar?
Dear senior brothers and
sisters
Why is everyone silent?
Could it be...?
This was given to me by
my master.
Sect-protecting Kung Fu
You've never heard of
it.
Oh, I remember now.
No wonder it looked so
familiar